campo=</BODY></HTML>SERVICE 

We produce solutions and actions for strategic communication, creating, writing, producing and directing institutional projects, videos, DVDs, websites and Cor-porate TV networks.

From the initial briefing to the final product, we work with top professionals in the market, building up complete custom-built teams for each project, occasionally working alongside the client’s team at specific moments, executing a wide variety of functions.

In addition: we provide <A HREF="consultoria.html"><U>consultancy services</U></A> and assistance, examination and analysis of communication projects and strategy, arguments, texts and choices of words, adaptation of content and of campaigns to the Brazilian public and also applications for public tenders.

EXPERIENCE 

Communication as a tool to stimulate ideas and businesses, integrate clients and suppliers, motivate colleagues and add value to brands, products and services; this has been the experience gained working with clients with an enormous range of requirements.

These have included banks, port and shipyard administrators; oil companies, personnel management companies, insu-rance and shipping, drug companies, large condominiums, NGOs, foundations, mu-seums, schools and industry, agencies and communication companies, you name it.

Each with its own corporate culture, public and particular needs.

RESPECT AND PERSONALITY

Each job is unique; it determines when to use one word or another or to leave a question for later, what the tone of an idea is, what spin to apply and the form to be used, how to lead the text where one wishes to go, right from the  initial research stage  to  the final product. Our hands-on approach gives us a feeling for the values, contexts and target audience and ob-jectives which depend on  the context and communication needs of each individual client.

Our know-how is the key to success in reaching our communication and production goals and in guaranteeing greater precision and speed at each stage of the project, and is a major factor in making the product more dynamic and appealing, without for an instant losing sight of the Client’s real interests.

TENDENCIES 

During the last 20 years, we have become used to hearing of the need for “total quality”, “technology”, “environmental pro-tection”. The latest buzzword is “social responsibility”. 

The evolution of the media has increased the perception that globalisation has made the world a smaller, more complex and interdependent place, with new tech-nologies reinventing technology itself, trans-forming humanity, companies, business, work relations, language etc. and even people’s perception of time, work relations and language. However, even here one thing is constant: people wish to communicate, people want to know and some people do not yet know what they don’t know. To make a difference in this world of excessive information it is not enough merely to be seen, have successful products or a policy of good relations. In this time of information in excess, one has to be understood, be competitive and be necessary and get it right when it is time to get the message out.

</BODY></HTML>