campo=<HTML><BODY>CREATION, FORMAT, CONTENT e PRODUCTION

For over 20 years our business on “TV” has been “making Television”.
Developing programmes and programming for information, education and entertain-ment, or for strategic communication for brands, policies or products.
We work on everything from creation to broadcasting of content, ideas and formats: LIVE , taped or post–production: for TV, mobile phones, internet or corporate systems, whatever strategy, programming slot, target audience, transmission system, interactive plans, media or means of communication you care to mention.

PORTFOLIO

-	Broadcasters; programming and teams built up from scratch;
-	Projects created, produced and broadcast on dozens of TV channels, both open and pay TV, both in Brazil and abroad.   
-	Consultancy for other groups, developing programs and projects.
-	Creation, Script and Text, Production and directing of Institutional campaigns for TV, with hundreds of items in the Journalism, Documentaries, People, about Town, Behaviour, Culture, Education, Variety,  Big Stories, Investigative Journalism, following up leads,  Politics, plus countless Live Broadcasts of shows and other events.

FOREIGN PRODUCTIONS IN BRAZIL

We adapt advertising campaigns, insti-tutional and strategic communications, TV programmes and content produced abroad for showing or distributing in Brazil, thus guaranteeing effective communication in tune with the feelings and culture of the Brazilian public and consumers.
Consult us about partnerships in projects, so-productions, support, assistance and consultancy services for foreign crews in this Country!

TALK TO US FIRST!

We provide Consultancy and Assistance; we analyse communication and strategic problems; we draft texts and arguments for public tenders; we examine and adapt content for communication projects, TV programmes and advertising campaigns originally produced for any target audience, strategy, programme slots or media.
Follow the example of dozens of corporations, agencies, production com-panies, TV stations and communi-cation professionals both in Brazil and abroad. Consult us when in need, or better, before even starting your project!
From the initial briefing to the final product, we build up complete teams of top professionals from the market tailored to the needs of each project, or alternatively provided occasional assistance to your team of professionals.

CAREER

Of the first 50 years of Television in Brazil, RAQUEL BOECHAT has been a direct participant in almost half of this time. She started off in TV news production and within three years was already in charge of a team responsible for 30 hours per week of journalism and live entertainment programming.
Even before the era of pay TV in Brazil, she was working for the main open TV stations, in Rio, São Paulo and across the country: TVE Brasil, TV Rio, Record, Globo, BAND, SBT and MANCHETE. 
Her career has been marked by the characteristic typical way in which she works, both as a program director, interviewer, reporter, documentary director and screenwriter, and has been responsible for great news shows, programs, texts and stories for TV, big news stories, investigative journalism and lifestyle programs , programming schedules plus live outside broadcasts, including shows, events and entertainment.
Thus, she has been the co-writer of audio-visual productions for TV, and has thousands of hours of footage which is still being shown all over Brazil and on five continents.
Among the most noteworthy aspects are the eclecticism of her productions that she is or has been involved in, her pioneering spirit, having built up stations, teams and products “from scratch”, the experience of long hours of programming and live broadcast marathons, and the programs she has taken a direct part in, which have brought innovative language to Brazilian television.

</BODY></HTML>